[v2.6]feat:add kuka doc (#380)
emqx/neuron-docs: en_US/configuration/south-devices/kuka/kuka.md

# Overview

> The KUKA Ethernet KRL TCP driver accesses KUKA robot devices with the KUKA Ethernet KRL module installed through TCP protocol. Currently, it supports the robot device server mode, and the driver actively connects as a client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neuron KUKA Ethernet KRL TCP plugin accesses KUKA robot devices with the KUKA Ethernet KRL module installed through TCP protocol. Currently, the Neuron KUKA plugin supports the robot device server mode, and the driver actively connects as a client.
```
